GCS backend (#3)
redhat-cop/cloud.terraform_ops: README.md

### Roles
Name | Description
--- | ---
[cloud.terraform_ops.aws_s3backend](https://github.com/redhat-cop/cloud.terraform_ops/blob/main/roles/aws_s3backend/README.md)|A role to create the necessary AWS infrastructure for an S3 remote backend for Terraform.

> [cloud.terraform_ops.gcs_backend](https://github.com/redhat-cop/cloud.terraform_ops/blob/main/roles/gcs_backend/README.md)|A role to create the necessary Google Cloud infrastructure for an GCS remote backend for Terraform.

Author: fixed.

## Installation and Usage

### Requirements

> The [amazon.aws](https://github.com/ansible-collections/amazon.aws) and [community.aws](https://github.com/ansible-collections/amazon.aws) collections MUST be installed to use the role [cloud.terraform_ops.aws_s3backend](https://github.com/redhat-cop/cloud.terraform_ops/blob/main/roles/aws_s3backend/README.md).

Author: yes, added.

Name | Description
--- | ---

> [cloud.terraform_ops.aws_s3backend](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cloud.terraform_ops/blob/main/roles/aws_s3backend/README.md)|A role to create the necessary AWS infrastructure for an S3 remote backend for Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[cloud.terraform_ops.aws_s3backend](https://github.com/redhat-cop/cloud.terraform_ops/blob/main/roles/aws_s3backend/README.md)|A role to create the necessary AWS infrastructure for an S3 remote backend for Terraform.
```

> [cloud.terraform_ops.gcs_backend](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cloud.terraform_ops/blob/main/roles/gcs_backend/README.md)|A role to create the necessary Google Cloud infrastructure for an GCS remote backend for Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[cloud.terraform_ops.gcs_backend](https://github.com/redhat-cop/cloud.terraform_ops/blob/main/roles/gcs_backend/README.md)|A role to create the necessary Google Cloud infrastructure for an GCS remote backend for Terraform.
```
